Updated to User Guide formatting (#378)
magento/merchdocs: src/sales-channels/asc/ended-listings.md

---

The _Ended Listings_ tab shows all the Amazon products that have been manually ended (removed) from your Amazon Seller Central account. These products meet all of the listing requirements and can be republished at any time and do not require additional information. If a product is in the Ineligible Listings tab, you may need to modify your [listing settings]({% link sales-channels/asc/listing-settings.md %}) to so that your product meets listing eligibility.

{:.bs-callout-info}
If you have listings in process, the number of listings will display in a message above the tabs

## Manually end a single or multiple Amazon listings

1. Locate the listing(s) you want to end on the _Inactive_, _Active_, or _Ineligible_ tab.

1. In the left-side column, click to check each of the listings you wish to end.

1. In the Action drop-down, click **End listing(s) on Amazon**.

1. Click **OK** on the confirmation message.

## Manually end a single Amazon listing

1. Locate the listing you want to end on the _Inactive_, _Active_, or _Ineligible_ tab.

1. In the Action column for the listing, click **Select** > **End Listing**

1. Click **OK** on the confirmation message.

> When ending a single listing or multiple listings, a message appears confirming that the selected listing is being processed to end. Ended listings can be managed on Ended tab in Manage Listings. Once processed and removed from Amazon, the status for the listing will display as "Manually Ended". Ended listings will remain removed from Amazon until you manually republish the listing using the Republish to Amazon action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When ending a single listing or multiple listings, a message confirms that the selected listing is being processed to end. Ended listings can be managed on Ended tab in Manage Listings. When processed and removed from Amazon, the status for the listing will appear as "Manually Ended". Ended listings will remain removed from Amazon until you manually republish the listing using the Republish to Amazon action.
```
